[sync k3s-docs] Update Rancher docs link in automated upgrades page (#273)
rancher/k3s-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/upgrades/automated.adoc

If the K3s cluster is managed by Rancher, you should use the Rancher UI to manage upgrades.

* If the K3s cluster is imported (registered) into Rancher, Rancher manages the system-upgrade-controller deployment and plans by default. Do not follow the steps on this page unless you have disabled version management in Rancher.

>   See https://rancher.github.io/product-docs-playbook/rancher-manager/latest/en/cluster-deployment/register-existing-clusters.html#_additional_features_for_registered_rke2_and_k3s_clusters[Additional Features for Registered RKE2 and K3s Clusters] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/rancher-manager/latest/en/cluster-deployment/register-existing-clusters.html#_additional_features_for_registered_rke2_and_k3s_clusters[Additional Features for Registered RKE2 and K3s Clusters] for more information.
```
